[EuiDataGrid] Add rowHeightSwitcher logic + API change (#5372)
elastic/eui: CHANGELOG.md

## [`main`](https://github.com/elastic/eui/tree/main)

- Updated the organization of `EuiDataGrid`'s toolbar/grid controls ([#5334](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/5334))

> - Added the ability for users to configure `EuiDataGrid`'s default row heights ([#5372](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/5372))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a row height control to `EuiDataGrid`'s toolbar ([#5372](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/5372))
```

**Bug fixes**

- Fixed persistent `EuiDataGrid` full screen `<body>` class ([#5354](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/5354))

**Breaking changes**

> - Removed `toolbarVisibility`'s `showStyleSelector` prop of `EuiDataGrid` in favor of `showDisplaySelector`, which allows users to configure both grid density and row height ([#5372](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/5372))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed `toolbarVisibility`'s `showStyleSelector` prop of `EuiDataGrid` in favor of `showDisplaySelector`, which allows configuration of both grid density and row height ([#5372](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/5372))
```
